InvalidDefinitionDescription Rule Check (#5208)
moby/buildkit: frontend/dockerfile/linter/docs/InvalidDefinitionDescription.md

## Output

```text

> Comment for stage/arg should follow the format: `# <arg/stage name> <description>`. If this is not intended to be a description comment, add an empty line/comment between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comment for build stage or argument should follow the format: `# <arg/stage name> <description>`. If this is not intended to be a description comment, add an empty line or comment between the instruction and the comment.
```

```

## Description

> When using `docker build` in conjunction with the `--check=outline` or `--check=targets` arguments, `buildx` can parse comments to show descriptions for arguments and stages. This functionality relies on the descriptive comments being particularly formatted. In the cases where comments immediately preceding the `FROM` or `ARG` commands are not meant to be descriptions, add an empty line / comment between them.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The [`--call=outline`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/buildx/build/#call-outline)
and [`--call=targets`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/buildx/build/#call-outline)
flags for the `docker build` command print descriptions for build targets and arguments.
The descriptions are generated from [Dockerfile comments](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/buildx/build/#descriptions)
that immediately precede the `FROM` or `ARG` instruction
and that begin with the name of the build stage or argument.
For example:

```dockerfile
# build-cli builds the CLI binary
FROM alpine AS build-cli
# VERSION controls the version of the program
ARG VERSION=1
```

In cases where preceding comments are not meant to be descriptions,
add an empty line or comment between the instruction and the preceding comment.
````
